TINY-11879: Changelog batch (#10486)
tinymce/tinymce: .changes/tinymce/8.0.0.md

- New toolbar icons for suggested edits plugin. #TINY-12070
- New `crossorigin` option that sets the `crossorigin` attribute on scripts loaded by the editor. #TINY-12228
- New `allow_html_in_comments` option to allow HTML like contents inside comment data. #TINY-12220
- Support for TinyMCE 8 license keys and license key manager. #TINY-12001

### Improved
- Focus is now restored to a dialog after closing an alert, confirmation or another dialog. #TINY-12038
- Resize handles are more accessible with `role` and `aria-valuetext` attributes. #TINY-11421
- Toolbar drawer now closes when the editor loses focus. #TINY-12125
- The `translate` API now automatically replaces three dots in a row with an ellipsis character. #TINY-12155
- Tooltips can now be closed by pressing the escape key. #TINY-12054
- Instructions on how to navigate the color swatch, image select and insert table widget are now announced by the screen readers. #TINY-12189
- When `editor.resetContent()` is used, the resulting `SetContent` event now has the `initial` flag set in the event arguments. #TINY-12146
- Updated Image plugin decorative image check to align with accessbility standard #TINY-12545

### Changed

> - New `list_max_depth` option that limits the maximum list indent depth. #TINY-11937

Reviewer: Im going to move this under `Addition's` in documentation release notes.

- DomParser no longer tries to fix some nodes when parsed with a context. #TINY-11927
- Split buttons are now rendered as separate action and chevron buttons. #TINY-8665
- Moved essential parts of the `lists` plugin into core. #TINY-12121

> - Cut action no longer uses `execCommand('Delete')` function. #TINY-12171

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cut action now uses the editor delete implementation instead of the native `execCommand('Delete')` function. #TINY-12171
```

- Added space to promotion message for ease of reading. #TINY-12271

### Deprecated
- Deprecated `skipFocus` option for ToggleToolbarDrawer command. To skip focus use `skip_focus` option. #TINY-12044
- Deprecated 'editor.selection.setContent' method. #TINY-11692

### Removed
- Removed undocumented `documentBaseUrl` property from `Editor` instances. `documentBaseURI` is the supported property. #TINY-12182

### Fixed
- Long tooltips could overflow narrow browser windows. #TINY-11884
- Tab to create a new row in tables with a non-editable final row would freeze the editor. #TINY-12018
- Fixed an issue where the context form API `onSetup` was referencing the incorrect element. #TINY-11912
- Attempting to add a newline directly after a block element such as an image would cause an error. #TINY-12045
- It wasn't possible to navigate out of a `figcaption` using the left and right arrow keys in Firefox. #TINY-11982
- Nested font sizes were causing too much spacing between lines. #TINY-12073
- New list item was not inserted correctly when existing list item had a block element inside. #TINY-12102

> - Deleting a whole element would sometimes modify nearby content. #TINY-11868

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deleting a whole element would sometimes replace the tag name of adjacent content. #TINY-11868
```

- HTML schema did not treat `colgroup` or `col` elements as block elements. #TINY-12092
- Inserting HTML fragments with invalid contents now retains more of the structure. #TINY-11927

> - The `contextform` subtoolbar is no longer dismissed when using the back button in inline editors. #TINY-12118

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `contextform` subtoolbar is no longer dismissed when using the toolbar back button in inline editors. #TINY-12118
```
